The band club is having a concert next month,
and I made a poster for that. What do you think?
That’s pretty good.
This illustration is material from “Sashieyasan,” right?
It’s convenient. I use it a lot, too, for presentations, etc.
Yeah, it’s a hassle to make my own illustrations, and
there are so many different patterns, so I always rely on them!
So, once you have that poster, how do you advertise it?
I want to print it in large print and put it up at universities
and neighborhood stores.
Also, I’m thinking of posting it on social media.
Can we use Sashieyasan material for posters and social media?
What do you mean by “Can we use”?
Sashieyasan is free material, right?
It means free material, so it’s no problem.
I’m pretty sure a “Terms of Use” on the site says
all sorts of things.
Maybe it’ll be fine, but you should check it out just in case.
I’m not very good at reading terms of use.
Kasumi, could you read it and explain it to me?
I’ll give you tickets to the concert...please!
Oh well, if you insist.